[#71128] Redesign the "My Account / Access token" page using Primer  … (#21823)
opf/openproject: docs/user-guide/account-settings/README.md

## Access tokens

To view and manage your OpenProject access tokens navigate to **Account settings** and choose **Access tokens** from the menu. Access tokens allow you to grant external applications access to resources in OpenProject. 

![Access tokens overview in OpenProject account settings](openproject_account_settings_access_tokens.png)

Access tokens are organized into two tabs: Provider tokens and Client tokens. Provider tokens are generated by OpenProject and enable other applications to connect to it. Client tokens are generated by external applications and allow OpenProject to connect to them.

### Provider tokens

Provider tokens are created in OpenProject and allow external applications to access OpenProject. They include API, iCalendar, iCalendar for meetings, OAuth, and RSS tokens.

#### API

API tokens allow third-party applications to communicate with this OpenProject instance via REST APIs. If no API tokens were created yet, this list will be empty. You can enable API REST web service and CORS under [*Administration -> API and webhooks*](../../system-admin-guide/api-and-webhooks/).

> [!NOTE]

> > You may need admin privileges to be able to create an API token.

Reviewer: Under which circumstances are admin privileges required to create an API token?

![Access tokens in OpenProject account settings](openproject_account_settings_access_tokens_api.png)

To create a new API Token, click the **+ API Token**, name the token in the form that opens and click *Create* button. 

![Name and create a new API token in OpenProject](openproject_account_settings_access_tokens_api_create_new.png)

A new API token will be generated and displayed. 

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > This is the only time that it will be displayed. Make sure that you copy it and safely save it. 

Reviewer: This may be a good place to reassure the user what they can do, if they forgot to copy the token immediately or if they forgot the token afterwards. The message currently feels a lot like "MAKE NO MISTAKES!", when it could be something along the lines of:

* you can always delete old tokens and generate new ones
* it's good practice to use each token only for one purpose (e.g. a single application), so that you know exactly what will break/need to be replaced when you delete it

(this doesn't all need to go into the "IMPORTANT" box, but I think it's among the things that documentation can add, which would overload the UI)

You will then see the newly generated token. 

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This is the only time that it will be displayed. Make sure that you copy it and safely save it. 

![A newly generated iCal meeting subscription token in OpenProject account settings](openproject_account_settings_access_tokens_subscribe_meetings_form_confirmation.png)

To delete an iCal meeting token under Account settings click the *Delete* icon next to the respective token name. 

> ![Delete icon to remove a meeting iCal token under OpenProject account settings](openproject_ccount_settings_access_tokens_meetings_delete.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![Delete icon to remove a meeting iCal token under OpenProject account settings](openproject_account_settings_access_tokens_meetings_delete.png)
```

![Delete icon to remove a meeting iCal token under OpenProject account settings](openproject_account_settings_access_tokens_meetings_delete.png)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### OAuth

> OAuth tokens allow third-party applications to connect with this OpenProject instance, for example Nextcloud (see [here](../../user-guide/file-management/nextcloud-integration/) how to set up Nextcloud integration).  OAuth tokens can be created under [*Administration-> Authentication*](../../system-admin-guide/authentication/).

Reviewer: Just noticed this existing piece of documentation while reading through this PR.

The sentence is slightly incorrect: In the administration you can set up an application, but the token (technically the grant) will be set-up when the user grants the third party application access to their OP account.

```suggestion
OAuth tokens allow third-party applications to connect with this OpenProject instance, for example Nextcloud (see [here](../../user-guide/file-management/nextcloud-integration/) how to set up Nextcloud integration).  OAuth applications can be created under [*Administration-> Authentication*](../../system-admin-guide/authentication/).
```

Reviewer: As context: The user-visible part of this token creation always happens in the third party application. UI flow goes like this: ext. application -> OP: "Do you want to grant access?" -> external application

Deletion of a token means that the given external application will lose access granted in that screen, which in other words means the ability to make API calls in the user's name to OpenProject.

If no third-party application integration has been activated yet, this list will be empty. Please contact your administrator to help you set it up. Once an integration has been set up, you will see the details here and will be able to delete any OAuth tokens by clicking the **Delete** icon.

![OpenProject OAuth tokens under My Account](openproject_account_settings_access_tokens_oauth.png)

#### RSS

RSS tokens allow users to keep up with the latest changes in this OpenProject instance via an external RSS reader.  You can only have one active RSS token.

Create a new token by clicking the **RSS token** button. 

![OpenProject RSS token under account settings](openproject_account_settings_access_tokens_rss.png)
This will create your token and trigger a message showing you the access token.
> [!IMPORTANT]
> You will only be able to see the RSS access token once, directly after you create it. Make sure to copy it.

![New RSS token created in OpenProject](openproject_account_settings_access_tokens_rss_new.png)

> Once an  RSS token was created,, you will see the details here and will be able to delete it by clicking the **Delete** icon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once an  RSS token was created, you will see the details here and will be able to delete it by clicking the **Delete** icon.
```

![Delete RSS token icon under OpenProject account settings](openproject_account_settings_access_tokens_rss_delete.png)

### Client tokens 

Client tokens are generated by external applications and enable OpenProject to connect to them.

#### OAuth

OAuth client tokens allow this OpenProject instance to connect with external applications, such as external file storages.

> If you have not yet logged into any of the file storages activated for your instance, this list will be empty. You can delete tokens by clicking the **Delete** icon.

Reviewer: This sentence will be outdated as soon as we add other integrations that use the same tokens (e.g. XWiki). Could we possibly formulate this in a more generic way, that still brings the same message across?

Also, reading the sentence twice, it could also be ambiguous what the user is supposed to do for a connection to show up here: "If you have not yet logged into any of the file storages" sounds like logging in to the storage would make it show up here. But of course what's needed is that users following the "link storage" flow that's initiated from OpenProject.

Idea:

```suggestion
If you have not yet linked your account to any of the integrations activated for your instance, this list will be empty. You can delete tokens by clicking the **Delete** icon.
```

> If you have not yet logged into any of the file storages activated for your instance, this list will be empty. You can delete tokens by clicking the **Delete** icon.

Reviewer: Another perspective: Some of our docs don't explain a lot more than the UI already does. For example 

> You can delete tokens by clicking the **Delete** icon.

This is pretty obvious. Maybe we could at least increase the utility level of these docs, by explaining consequences of such an action. For example

```suggestion
If you have not yet logged into any of the file storages activated for your instance, this list will be empty. You can delete tokens by clicking the **Delete** icon. This will require you to link the corresponding integration again, to continue using it.
```

Author: It might seem obvious, yes, but I still want to be super clear, for the sake of screen readers being able to convey the information, if a user relies on one. 
I do agree, though, that adding more information will be helpful as well.

Reviewer: Screen readers will convey the information as well? Maybe "wir reden aneinander vorbei":

The main part of my message is not that we shouldn't explain what's visible in the screenshots, absolutely do that!
My point is, that if the docs only tell me as much as I can already see in the UI of OpenProject, there's never a reason for me to go into the docs in the first place. The docs should have added value on top of the UI. And IMO they can add value by not implying next steps, but pro-actively talking about them.

E.g. in this case: What does it even mean to delete a token? What consequences will I face when doing it, etc.
